>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, Dylan.
>> Speaker 2: Are we allowed
to do just dot double and
dot triple because the space,
it's not hyphenated in the HTML
[CROSSTALK] style in CCS,
we don't have to do count button triple?
>> Jen Kramer: You could, okay so
what I did in the HTML for that let me.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
I just have a second class here.
So I have a class called calc-button and
I have a class called double.
>> Speaker 2: But it's because that's
the space is not hyphenated, right?
>> Jen Kramer: Correct.
>> Speaker 2: That's correct, okay.
>> Jen Kramer: If I called it calc hyphen,
button hyphen, double,
that's a completely different class.
It would not take on any of
the styling of calc-button,
I'd have to rewrite all of that.
And I'd have to write on
the changing the flex-basis.
Because I've used two classes here,
what we're doing is we are able to take
advantage of all the styling that we
already put on the one calc-button.
>> Speaker 2: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
with the flex-basis of 24.5.
But now we're overwriting
it later in the document,
since it's later in
the document it takes priority.
>> Speaker 2: I was thinking
there is table one class, but
I see the space totally.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah
>> Speaker 2: Two separate and
no comma just because
that's how it's done.
>> Jen Kramer: No comma,
that's cuz that's the way it's done.